todo.md, before:

# Tasks [Improved]

## Task #1: Pick an existing todo app

I pick Google Tasks,

I love google tasks simplicity and does the jobs done, without unnecessary gimmick like AI, no offense for AI but who use AI for notes app ?

![patrick using ai on todos apps](/public/images/readme/patrick-ai.jpeg)

Also it connect with my google account that conencted to all my devices already

## Task #2: Classify the features of the todo app

Classify the features of the todo app you picked into the following categories:

- [x] Must-have
  - [x] Adding new task, At this point if task can't add new task can it even be called as todos apps?
  - [x] Completing the task, Better mark than deleting the task in case future You want to feel good about completing task
  - [x] Deleting the task, Who wants have cluttered todos apps?
- [-] Nice-to-have
  - [x] Reminder, Not all task need reminder but its great to be reminded that's why assistant or secretary have a job right?
  - [ ] Multiple list (different task list), perhaps multiple people using same apps or diffrent goals in each list like personal or work
  - [ ] Offline mode
- [ ] Unnecessary
  - [ ] Integration with google ecosystem, do you hate your life ? (clarificaiton: to integrate random apps to google ecosystem)

## Task #3: Improve upon the todo app

Replicate the todo app into a webapp and improve upon it. You can add new features or modify existing features to make the todo app better.

## Requirements

### Technical requirements

1. Use Vue or Nuxt for the frontend
2. Use any backend and/or storage technology of your choice
3. Public repository containing the code for the application
4. Documentation on how to run the application locally
5. Publicly accessible URL to view the application

### Evaluation criteria

1. Product analysis
2. Design, responsiveness, and usability
3. Code quality and structure
4. Documentation

## Submission

You have 7 days to complete the task, starting from the day you're assigned the task.

Submit your application letter by sending an email to [adrian@wisata.app](mailto:adrian@wisata.app) with the following:

```
Subject:
2024-P06 Senior Software Engineer - [Your Name]
```

```
Body:
[Your application letter]
```

```
Attachments:
- [Link to repository]
- [URL to view the application]
```

Commit message:

feat: 1. change image on homepage 2. edit todo.md 3. add dialog confirm for delete task 4. fix diffrent theme for some button

todo.md, after:

# Tasks [Improved]

## Task #1: Pick an existing todo app

I pick Google Tasks,

I love google tasks simplicity and does the jobs done, without unnecessary gimmick like AI, no offense for AI but who use AI for notes app ?

![patrick using ai on todos apps](/public/images/readme/patrick-ai.jpeg)

Also it connect with my google account that conencted to all my devices already

## Task #2: Classify the features of the todo app

Classify the features of the todo app you picked into the following categories:

- [x] Must-have
  - [x] Adding new task, At this point if task can't add new task can it even be called as todos apps?
  - [x] Completing the task, Better mark than deleting the task in case future You want to feel good about completing task
  - [x] Deleting the task, Who wants have cluttered todos apps?
- [-] Nice-to-have
  - [x] Reminder, Not all task need reminder but its great to be reminded that's why assistant or secretary have a job right?
  - [ ] Multiple list (different task list), perhaps multiple people using same apps or diffrent goals in each list like personal or work
  - [ ] Offline mode
- [ ] Unnecessary
  - [ ] Integration with google ecosystem, do you hate your life ? (clarificaiton: to integrate random apps to google ecosystem)

## Task #3: Improve upon the todo app

For live preview of the apps, [open this link](https://todo-wisata-fe.pages.dev/)

## Requirements

### Technical requirements

1. Use Vue or Nuxt for the frontend
2. Use any backend and/or storage technology of your choice
3. Public repository containing the code for the application
4. Documentation on how to run the application locally
5. Publicly accessible URL to view the application

### Evaluation criteria

1. Product analysis
2. Design, responsiveness, and usability
3. Code quality and structure
4. Documentation

## Submission

You have 7 days to complete the task, starting from the day you're assigned the task.

Submit your application letter by sending an email to [adrian@wisata.app](mailto:adrian@wisata.app) with the following:

```
Subject:
2024-P06 Senior Software Engineer - [Your Name]
```

```
Body:
[Your application letter]
```

```
Attachments:
- [Link to repository]
- [URL to view the application]
```
